	The books of Scrypt (all titles are yet tentative):  

	Book 1:  The Boy Who Wrote the World

The following scene may have to manifest itself in a series of flashbacks.  The Boy, name as yet unknown, discovers the Pen of the Ages in a dusty antique shop.  The pen, mysteriously, is still full of wet ink, and the boy begins to write.  The boy writes the first several chapters of a book and, falling asleep exhausted, wakes up in the very world he created with no memory of making it.  The country the boy finds himself in is ruled by a sorcerer who, once of little power, has found the Pen of the Ages, and is using it to write destruction and evil into the very fabric of  society.  

The boy finds prophetic abilities within himself, because of his awakening amnesic memories of creating the world and its history, and finds himself quickly in direct opposition and on the run from the sorcerer.  It is slowly revealed to the boy that he needs to find the Pen, as it is the source of the ruler’s power.  Book 1 finishes with the defeat of the sorcerer and the recovery of the pen.  

[Part of the challenge of this book is keeping the revelation that the Boy and the main character in the main book are one and the same.  Might be remedied by the diversion of following several other key characters.]

	Books 2.1-2.x

Word spreads about the Pen to several nearby worlds.  A small group of travelers forms who all need (or want) its powers for their varied purposes.

	Book 3:  The [World, People?] Under the Sand

The struggle of the several opposing and violent nations that live under the surface of the scorching planet, which is the inverse of the world of [Mardis?], their constant failures to develop civilization and the first delivery of Pyra back to their world.  

	Book 4:  The Fall of [Mardis?]

Entyn realizes that the fabric of the multiverse is stretching to the point of collapse and becomes a hated Pyra burglar with the purpose of transporting it to the world of Sand, to restore balance to the universe.

	Book 5:  

The universe has been restored to a point, but there is a growing imbalance of the world that the Boy created as its history grows, due to the fact that there was never an inverse world created to hold its balance.  Thus begins a quest of the Boy and several characters from books 2.1-2.x to find two important legends: a man who can slip between the Introverse and Extroverse planes; and a fierce, dubious [goddess?] who can split entire worlds in two.  These two are at odds with each other but must cooperate to split the world the Boy made in two and to transport a severed half of it to the opposing position on the Intoverse plane.  

	Book X [tentative]:  Beyond

The calling and final journey of an important character, with the Pen of the Ages, to Beyond.
